thanks for letting me tag along tight
you guys forget about it are you doing
there squirmy
I'm hanging in and a little out so
assistant to the director that's a
really exciting job I mean must have a
ton of cool responsibilities have
nothing to do with casting so what you
guys gonna eat how come all I can think
about is putting that ice in my mouth
and licking you all over because I went
to an all-boys high school and God is
making up for it
I want you right here right now right
now right here don't you think we're in
kind of a public play they do have the
shrimp meet me in the bathroom I'm going
to the bathroom now
all right mister
let's see those panties all righty hmm
but you know what would be even sexier
what if you didn't have your shirt
tucked into them oh all right
now I would like to see you wearing
nothing but them take your clothes off
okay but I hope you realize this means
we're gonna miss hearing about the
specials hey you want this done quick or
do you want done right turn around I
would see you from behind Oh somebody's
been doing his buns of steel video joy
over to learn when chatty finger Suzie
Suzie this is for the fourth grade what
do I mean I mean Underpants mister
that's what I mean my skirt you lift it
kids laughing I was Susie underpants
till I was 18
don't we to the fourth grade happy to
still be upset about that well um why
don't you call me in 20 years and tell
me if you're still upset
I hope you realize you're not getting
these Underpants back someone's flossing
Joey some people don't like that
Chandler's wearing panties let me see oh
right - is she right what do you give me
your underpants can't help you I'm not
wearing anything how can you not be
wearing any underwear oh I'm getting
heat from the guy in the hot pink thong
look Ross I'll give you $50 for your
underpants
Oh